http://www.pythian.com/





Expertise















GROW WITH BIG DATA

For companies that need to make sense out of their Big Data, but may not know where to start,
Data Cloud provides Big Data Solutions, Expertise, and Training to solve their Big Data challenges.

We are tried and tested Big Data industry veterans with years of direct use case experiences.
We tailor our services to your exact business requirements out of Big Data.



BIG DATA CONSULTING SERVICES

Our Big Data Consulting Services transform organizational knowledge into insights for more informed and timely business decisions with the best possible TCO.


BIG DATA ANALYTICAL SOLUTIONS

Big Data analytical solutions that can be easily customized to the customer’s specific business needs and seamlessly integrated into their existing infrastructure.



BIG DATA TRAINING SERVICES

Vendor agnostic, hands-on Big Data training classes offered in group-study style by industry veterans who teach the work they are doing every day.


We analyze your business goals, IT infrastructure and technical staff’s readiness, to develop vendor agnostic recommendations and solutions with the best possible total cost ownership (TCO).

The promises of Big data technologies are tremendous, its powers mesmerizing, its value propositions and cost benefits simply put, are astounding.

We can help you to fully benefit from Big Data.

Our approach is to ensure that you can leverage the powers of Big Data technologies, by extending your current tried & trusted infrastructure, so you can do more at a lower cost.  The approach is not to do a complete overhaul, but rather to see how you can maximize what you already have. In doing so, your existing staff’s technical strengths are taken into heavy consideration.

Your business goals form the basis of the exhaustive analysis that we perform. This analysis leads to the creation of very specific, detailed and complete recommendations. You are then given the option to select which plan will work for you, suggest modifications or enhancements and work further as you see fit.



We help our customers make sense of their Big Data by developing Custom Applications, Proof-of-Concepts, and Demonstrations that showcase the power of Big Data in their own environment.

Big Data is an ever-evolving field. New products are sprouting almost every month, innovations are rampant and technical heights reached every day.

But with these strides, comes two tremendous responsibilities:

Educating the masses about these new technologies.
Helping business & management personnel understand the technical jargon, and their value & benefits.
We help customers understand the value, power and benefits of Big Data technologies. We do so by developing custom applications, proof-of-concepts (POCs) & demos that leverage the best-of-the-breed Big Data technologies.

These apps, POCs and demos showcase the viability & veracity of Big Data technologies as they pertain to customer’s specific business needs & demands.



For the first time in mankind, thanks for the Internet and the burgeoning world of social media sites like Twitter and Facebook, we have a system where every human actions, emotions, conversations are recorded in a social context. We now know who said what about what with whom, where and why.

And therein lies the power. The power to understand humans by machines.

This power can be used by businesses & individuals alike in every aspects of business, professional and individual lives – to analyze sentiments, predict social outcomes, target advertisements, understand weather patterns – you name it!

Third Eye has developed deep expertise in some of these areas, loosely called as “Human Actions Analytics”.
Third Eye leverages both open source and commercial technologies to perform these analytics in a cost effective manner while delivering deep insights about human actions.

ONLINE RETAIL ANALYTICS

Third Eye’s Online Retail Analytics solutions solve common scenarios of aggregating and analyzing online transactions and interactions data using Hadoop technologies to gain insights on customer behavior and product acceptance in the market.

Mine More →

SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS

Third Eye’s Social Media Analytics solutions leverages Big Data technologies to churn through all human expressions and communications from the social media to glean sentiments, trends and thoughts of the masses.

Mine More →

ONLINE ADVERTISEMENTS ANALYTICS

The goal of Third Eye’s Online Advertisement Solutions is to maximize the number of products purchased through our customer’s web site/s. In order to maximize the ROI, we perform the following analysis on the data.
